¿como te fue en el bootcamp? 
From the learning point of view, i could say that it was a great experience and that i learnt a lot of new concepts, tools and how things work togheter 
in order to have a functional Api.
From the coding perspective i had a rough start because i had never seen most of the concepts that were covered so i learnt everything from scratch, however
despite being quite behind in schedule i ended up understanding pretty much everything and with working code for the most part.
I finished the RestApi code on last monday, 3 days after the "good practices" part was released, so instead of adding persistence and testing it, i read what i 
was expected to do and how to do it, but spent my time deepening on theory. I mean, i started to re-read some of the topics and adding others in order to 
understand everything that was covered during the bootcamp, and some other things that came up in slack's chat, like go-lang and exeptions handling.


¿qué es agile?
Agile is a set of values and principles. It doesnt make decitions for you, instead it gives you a fundation that teams can use to make decitions that result
in better software development. According to the Agile manifesto, it focuses more on individuals and interactions than processes and tools, working software 
over comprehensive documentation, customer collaboration over contracts and lastly, responding to change over following a plan.
Being agile is making each decition base on the principles and values that the team has agreed to follow. The ultimate goal is to make the software creation 
process as fluid as possible, and to ensure the customer's satisfaction, by delivering exactly what he wanted, even if he didnt know it at the very beggining.
Scrum, kanban are examples of agile

¿porqué quiero trabajar en globant?
for the most part, because is one of the biggest software companies we have in argentina and because its clients demand cutting edge software, i find it super
challenging and i know for a fact that it would be a great experience to start the path of becoming a software professional with high standards, hopefully.
Another reason could be that most of my working friends are hired here, and they all say the same thing, is one of the better choices for a first job in tandil
also they are all working on proyects for international clients and, as i said before, id love to reach a certain quality in my work and i couldnt think of a 
better place to start the huge learning curve that lays in front of me as an enthusiastic but unexperienced programmer.

¿qué aportaria a globant/ qué gana globant si me contrata?
mm that is a tough one, i would say that i would be a good addition to the company because im driven by the need of purpose and motivation to become a professional
on the area, and not only money, because for that matter, my rent is being paid for my parents, thanks to my younger brother, whom i live with. Despite that, id
love to be able to help at least with the services and covering my own expenses. Another thing i could add to this company is that im curious by nature, so if
in a near future im asked to work on a technology id never seen before, i would be excited about it, because i know for a fact that if a new technology is introduced
to the company portfolio, it sure is having a massive market acceptance and i would see it as an oportunity for sure. 
in the personal matter, i percive myself as an extrovert that likes chatting almost as much as i enjoy learning, so it would please me to be in any team i can pick some
knowledge from. In terms of teamwork i tend to have a bad time when asking for help, because i tend to feel that im bothering my coworkers, nontheless im glad to help
whenever im needed because i take it like a challenge, i mean, if i trully understand something, i must be able to explain it in simple terms, if im not able to explain 
something is because i have more room of growth in that subject and im thankful for the reminder to further my knowledge.